Gaza City Once A densely packed Urban
Hub now damaged and
deserted shelling and gunfire rages
around alifa gaza's largest
hospital the health Ministry says nearly
all hospitals in the city are out of
service besieged by the Israeli Army the
few still operating are defying the odds
had over 500 patients come in in the
last 3 days and so it's just been un
unrelenting every every half an hour
there's a new air raid and then there's
a new influx of wounded but we're short
on supplies we've been having to perform
excruciatingly painful procedures on
wounds of the patients to stop them
becoming infected with no analgesia or
anesthetic thousands of displaced
Palestinians have packed these hospitals
seeking
refuge and as Israeli Air Raids
intensify the injured have almost
nowhere left to
[Applause]
go in the South a residential building
leveled by an Israeli air strike kills
an entire Palestinian family we were
told go to the South and it'll be safe
there however every day I'm hearing more
ambulances come to the hospital I'm
seeing more people take their loved ones
to the graveyard I'm seeing more
children injured more people amputated
every day it seems that the south is
getting hit more so we're feeling
extremely scared and frightened in
addition to the total lack of food lack
of water a lack of sleeping space the
the the the capacity of refugees here in
the hospital has doubled over the last
two days since more people have come to
the north from the north to south air
strikes continue to level residential
areas while international law is meant
to give hospitals and medical workers
protection in Gaza they've become part
of the front
line bad mahichi Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer